7D6N WEST TAIWAN ENGLISH GUIDED SERIES


DAY 1 SINGAPORE – TAOYUAN – TAICHUNG 
Meals On Board/Dinner

3pm: Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Taipei. Upon arrival, make your way to Taiwan’s 3rd largest city, Taichung. After dinner, check in hotel and have a well rest.



DAY 2 TAICHUNG – CHIAYI – ALISHAN +
Breakfast/ Lunch/ Alishan Specialty Dinner

9am: Get set to continue on with the theme of heritage today. 

10am: After breakfast, visit the whimsical Rainbow Village, which is given a new lease of life by an over 90-year-old Grandpa Huang, who is a war veteran. Grandpa Huang had spent about 10 months painting the colourful graffiti on the alley walls and dilapidated houses which becomes an overnight sensation and popular subject of photography.

1pm: Next, visit Fenchihu Old Street. Endowed with over 100 years of history, Fenchihu Railway Station was the largest and most important station of the Alishan Forest Railway, which transported commuters to Alishan. 

3pm: You may like to taste the Fenchihu Railway Bento at your own expense to feel the old moment.  Beloved by both locals and tourists alike, Alishan National Scenic Area is one of Taiwan’s most famous and visited nature parks, as attested to by the folk songs devoted to it. 

5pm: Visit attractions such as Sister Lakes, an ancient 1,000-year-old cypress tree and Shouzhen Temple. Take a leisure walk through forest trails and admire beautiful heritage trees and mountain peaks shrouded in misty clouds. It is quite likely that you might break into song at this juncture.



DAY 3 ALISHAN – KAOHSIUNG +
Breakfast/Lunch

7am: The sunrise, sea of clouds, forest, sunset glow and railway are known as the “Five Wonders of Alishan”. This early morning, take the Alishan sunrise viewing train, also known as ‘Alishan Mini Train’ to Zhushan Station, where the sunrise viewing platform is located. It is also the highest railway station in Taiwan. 

8am: Taking a deep breath of fresh air, admire the beauty of nature, thankful for the chance to witness the grand sight. The rising sun and sea of clouds in Alishan is a sight not be missed, as its rays filter through the clouds, lighting the sky and warming the land. 

1pm: Thereafter, proceed to Kaohsiung and make a visit to Pier-2 Art Centre, transformed from a warehouse in Kaohsiung Harbour. Divided into 4 zones, it is a cultural and creative hotspot that focuses on avant-garde and experimental works. 

7pm: Next, stopover at Xiziwan Scneic Area for the romantic sunset view. This evening, make your way to Liuhe Night Market to sample a wide variety of traditional local snacks.



DAY 4 KAOHSIUNG – NANTOU - TAICHUNG +
Breakfast/Aboriginal Culture Cuisine Lunch

8am: This morning, adjourning to gorgeous Sun Moon Lake, one of Taiwan’s most popular scenic spots and the country’s largest body of water, for a leisure cruise. Its poetic name is derived from the unique shape that resembles the sun and the moon. 

10am: Thereafter, proceed to Gaomei Wetland, an ecologically diverse wetland. If luck permits, you can catch a glimpse of some of the small species that form the communities of the wetland and capture the beautiful view of windmills against the romantic sunset. 

7pm: This evening, head to Fengjia Night Market, the largest night market in central Taiwan, to savour a variety of delicious local snacks. You can find many original and unique snacks from this bustling night market. As the night market is located near to Fengjia University, you can also shop for many fashionable yet affordable clothing and accessories. You will definitely spend an unforgettable evening at this night market!     

 

DAY 5 TAICHUNG – HSINCHU - TAIPEI +
Breakfast/ Neiwan Theater Lunch/Dinner

9am: Today, visit Neiwan Old Street and the suspension bridge. A site of traditional wooden heritage architecture, Neiwen is a town inhabited predominantly by the Hakka community and its old street bears stamps of this distinctive culture, from cuisine to craft. 

12pm: Tuck into a speciality lunch at Neiwan Theatre before making your way to a Taipei. Get ready for a contrast and change of scene as you make your way to Taipei 101, one of the city’s main landmarks and site of annual New Year’s Eve countdown. Today, spend the night at Jinshan hot spring resort to experience one of the world’s rare sea-bed hot spring water at the outdoor pool. You may also enjoy your personal hotspring bath in your room with the private hot spring facilities.



DAY 6 TAIPEI +
Breakfast/ Takao 1972 Mini Hotpot Dinner

8am: After breakfast, transfer to Jiufen, a small tow n that was founded during the Qing dynasty. Today, it maintains its quaint village vibe with its cluster of traditional teahouses and speciality shops offering famous local dishes, snacks and crafts. 

11am: Next, visit charming Jingtong railway station, one of the oldest wooden train stations in Taiwan, giving off bouts of nostalgia. Here, you can experience the simple joy of lighting and releasing heavenly lanterns with your fellow travellers. 

1pm: Thereafter, immerse yourself in the vibrant ambience at Ximending, Taipei’s famed shopping area and epicentre of the city’s youth culture to shop and people watch.



DAY 7 TAIPEI – SINGAPORE +
Breakfast/Meals on Board

8am: If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.

