7D5N INDULGENCE IN JEJU AND SEOUL


DAY 1 SINGAPORE - INCHEON 
Meals On Board

5pm: Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Incheon.



DAY 2 INCHEON - SEOUL - JEJU 
Dumpling Steamboat Lunch/ Korean Stir-fried Squid With Pork Dinner

11pm: Upon arrival in Seoul, start your sightseeing tour at majestic Gyeongbok Palace, built in 1395 and the largest palace during the Joseon dynasty. Roam its stately grounds, delve into its storied past and imagine what it might have been like centuries ago. 

2pm: Next, drive past Cheong Wa Dae, the Korean president’s residence. Thereafter, proceed for a Korean culinary lesson and enjoy a DIY seafood pancake session. Thereafter, head to bustling Dongdaemun Market for some serious shopping. Dotted with stalls offering the latest fashion togs and accessories, this is the spot for assembling that achingly-hip Korean-style ensemble that you have always coveted. 

4pm: Later, transfer to the airport for your domestic flight to Jeju. This volcanic island is Korea’s largest and draws both international and domestic travellers alike. With its mild weather, plethora of spellbinding natural sights and relaxed vibe, it is not difficult to see why.



DAY 3 JEJU 
Korean Minced Abalone Porridge Breakfast/ Black Pork Bulgogi Lunch/Clay Pot Abalone Soup With Korean Pancake Dinner

9am: Start your adventure in Jeju with a visit to Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Formed more than 100,000 years ago, this peak features a crater surrounded by sharp, jagged rocks — the crowning glory, if you will. 

11am: Later, hold on tight and surrender to the thrills of an all-terrain vehicle ride. Then, giddy up and proceed for a horse-riding experience. 

3pm: Next, make a stop at Jeju Folk Village Museum and learn more about folk practices, traditions and customs through the museum’s enviable collection of artefacts. It was also one of the filming sites of a Korean drama “Dae Jang Geum”. 

5pm: Wrap up the day with a visit to Manjanggul Cave, another must-visit UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is one of the finest lava tunnels in the world with a variety of interesting structures such as lava stalagmites, stalactites and tube tunnels. 

7pm: Later, visit Topdong underground street to browse and shop for unique mementoes to take home.



DAY 4 JEJU 
Dumpling Soup Breakfast/ Hot Stone Pot Bibimbap and Shabu Shabu Lunch/ Korean Ginseng Chicken Soup Dinner

8am: This morning, explore beautiful Cheonjiyeon Falls, one of the 3 most famous waterfalls in Jeju. 

10am: Later, visit magnificent Jusangjeolli Cliff, which was formed when the lava from Hallasan erupted into the sea of Jungmun. 

12pm: Thereafter, head for the newly opened PLAY K-POP music experience, where a K-pop hologram performance hall invites you to a world of Hallyu fantasy. 

1pm: Next, proceed to O’sulloc Museum. Learn about Korea’s traditional tea culture and enjoy views of the surrounding green tea fields. 

3pm: After which, savour the museum’s green tea ice cream, said to be the best in Jeju. Thereafter, proceed to Sumokwon Theme Park, an indoor theme park that houses the popular Ice Museum. View mesmerising ice sculptures that have been artfully crafted by Japanese artisans and visit the illusion art gallery. If being surrounded by ice, albeit beautifully sculpted ones, have got you feeling a little cold, you will be glad to know that a stomach-warming restorative Korean ginseng chicken soup dinner awaits.

7pm: After dinner, enjoy a magical art performance, “The Painters: HERO” which suggests a new type of performance, creating works of art on stage with dynamic 3D video display, dance and comedy.

Note!
“The Painters: HERO” may be replaced with an alternative performance.



DAY 5 JEJU – SEOUL 
Breakfast/Everland Set Lunch/ 3-colour BBQ Dinner

9am: Transfer to the airport for your domestic flight to Seoul. 

12pm: Upon arrival, proceed to a ski resort where you can indulge in a host of fun snow activities and receive a complimentary pair of Chan Brothers Travel ski gloves. 

3pm: Next, stop at a local fruit farm where you can enjoy picking and tasting strawberries. Nothing is like going straight to the source to enjoy the best of nature’s bounty.

Seasonal Bonus
Enjoy picking and tasting 250 grammes of strawberries per traveller.



DAY 6 SEOUL 
Breakfast/Pan-fried Chicken Lunch

9am: This morning, visit Ginseng Monopoly Showroom before proceeding to a beauty academy where you can give your skin some much-needed tender loving care with a DIY facial. 

1pm: Thereafter, stock up on skincare basics at an Odbo cosmetic shop before proceeding to the futuristic N Seoul Tower. This iconic structure marks the highest point in Seoul and you will be able to take in mesmerising views of the city from here. 

4pm: Next, continue to busy Myeongdong, one of the city’s main retail and commercial districts, for a spot of shopping. 

7pm: Thereafter, proceed to Lotte World, Korea’s largest indoor theme park.



DAY 7 SEOUL - INCHEON - SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/Meals On Board

8am: In the morning, visit Healthy Liver Centre where you can shop for health products. If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.

