5D4N CAMBODIA EXPERIENCE


DAY 1 SINGAPORE - SIEM REAP 
Dinner

Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Siem Reap. Upon arrival, visit the floating village of Chong Khneas. Then, enjoy a traditional wooden boat ride on the largest freshwater lake in Southeast Asia Tonle Sap, also known as the “Great Lake” of Cambodia. After lunch, visit Les Artisans d‘Angkor, renowned for its woodworking, stone carving and polychrome workshops. Thereafter, embark on an educational tour at Angkor Silk Farm where you can view an exhibition and observe the production process of silk



DAY 2 SIEM REAP 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

After breakfast, explore the world renowned temples of the ancient city, Angkor, capital of the powerful Khmer Empire. Visit the Southern Gate of Angkor Thom to view its series of colossal human faces carved in stones (include half day Tuk Tuk ride). Then, view the enigmatic smiling faces of Bayon Temple along its narrow corridors and steep flight of stairs. Thereafter, proceed to The Royal Enclosure, Terrace of the Elephants, the mysterious site of the Terrace of Leper King and Phimeanakas. Travel to Ta Prohm Temple, also known as ‘Tomb Raider Temple’. See enormous fig trees and gigantic creepers embrace themselves in the stone foundations of the structure. In the afternoon, explore the Magnificent Angkor Wat, one of the 7 Wonders of the New World. View carvings on the walls which reveal the beliefs, practices and the way of life then. Stroll around the site of this massive monument to explore many of its galleries with columns, libraries, pavilions, courtyards and ponds. Next, visit to iewellery shop. Visit Pre Rup Temple at dusk, the beautiful rusty-red hue of the laterite and brick used to build Pre Rup is accentuated during sunset and stands in brilliant contrast to the lush green of the jungle in the distance. Climb the steep steps to view the spectacular sunset from the top of this Cambodian temple.

 

DAY 3 SIEM REAP - PHNOM PENH 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

After breakfast, transfer to the bus station for your coach ride to Phnom Penh. After lunch, proceed to Central Market, a covered market distinguished by its central dome. It is filled with shops selling fabrics and all kinds of souvenirs. Explore one of the city’s most authentic and vibrant mall, Sorya Shopping Mall to shop for a wide array of local goods and handicrafts.



DAY 4 PHNOM PENH 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

his morning, Visit Independence Monument to view its lotus–shaped stupa  form  which is a combination of Khmer and modern architectural style. Next, proceed to National Museum which showcases a stunning collection of Khmer art and sculptures from the Angkor period, ranging from the 4th to 15th century. Then, visit Royal Palace, an 18th-century French villa presented to Cambodia after the opening of Suez Canal by Empress Eugenia of France. Next, be enthralled by the jade Buddha in the Silver Pagoda floored with over 5,000 silver tiles. Next, proceed to Toul Sleng Genocidal Museum which illustrate a grim reminder of the genocidal horrors committed between 1975 to 1979. End the day as we proceed to the notorious Choeung Ek Killing Fields.

 

DAY 5 PHNOM PENH – SINGAPORE 
Breakfast

If time permits, you can do some last–minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.