8D6N KOREA ULTIMATE


DAY 1 SINGAPORE - INCHEON 
Meals On Board

Assemble  at  Singapore  Changi  Airport  for your flight to Incheon.



DAY 2 INCHEON – GYEONGGI-DO – SUWON 
Budaejjigae Lunch / Korean Set Dinner

Annyeonghaseyo! Upon arrival proceed to Songwol-dong Fairy Tale Village which is filled with painted alleys of various characters from fairy tales. After which, a photo stop at the Songdo G-Tower one of the landmark buildings in Songdo, known for its unique architecture. After which, visit Gwangmyeong Cave, an abandoned mine spanning approximately eight kilometres in length and reaching 275 metres in depth. This cave is different from other caves due to its unique location in the centre of the metropolitan area of Seoul, thus becoming a top natural attraction for visitors not only from surrounding suburbs, but from the big city as well. The cave was founded for industrial mining mainly to excavate gold used for war supplies but despite its heartbreaking history, it has now been turned successfully into a living museum, exhibiting exotic and mysterious geological materials. This cave is also particularly popular as it was one of the filming sites for the well-known television show “Running Man”. After which, we will proceed to the impressive Suwon Hwaseong fortress. The fortress (constructed from 1794 to 1796) was built as a display of the King’s filial piety towards his father Jangheonseja and to build a new pioneer city with its own economic power. The fortress was designated a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage Site in 1963.



DAY 3 SUWON – YONGIN - SKI RESORT 
Breakfast/ Everland meals coupon Lunch/ 3-colour BBQ Dinner

This morning, gear up for a fulfilled day  at the  Yongin Everland, with thrilling rides and a galore of lively entertainment. Visit Safari World and enjoy the bus tour or even the special jeep tour to see the animals. After which, visit a Fruit Farm where you will get a chance to experience first hand picking of Korea Strawberries.



DAY 4 SKI RESORT – SEOUL 
Breakfast/ Korean Style stir-fried squid with pork Dinner

This morning, spend the rest of the day at the ski resort where you can experience the fun and thrilling skiing activity. The ski resort offer a wide range of snow sports such as snowboarding and snow sledding. Skiing in Korea can be a loud experience – heavy disco music will accompany you on your way down the slopes.



DAY 5 SEOUL 
Breakfast/ Ginseng Chicken Dinner

Morning after breakfast, proceed to Lotte World Adventure Themepark, Korea’s largest indoor theme park. Besides the excitement of these rides, Lotte World also contains a variety of parades and laser shows. The 200 performers sing and dance to music in the World Carnival Parade, which adds excitement to the theme park. 

Later in the afternoon visit the newly opened pop-up store Common Ground, 1st of its kind in Korea. The unique shopping complex is built with 200 large shipping containers.



DAY 6 SEOUL 
Breakfast / Hot stone pot bibimbap and shabu shabu Lunch

In the morning, visit the Ginseng Monopoly Showroom before enjoying shopping at Odbo cosmetic shop where you can get skin care products. After which, drive past the Presidential Blue House, the Korean President’s residence and start your sightseeing tour at the majestic Changdukgung Palace designated as an UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is well known for its secret garden which shows Korea’s distinct natural beauty through its exquisite pavilions, where they stand in harmony with the surrounding ponds and 1,000-year-old trees. Afterwhich, enjoy a relaxing stroll along Gwanghwamun Square, located at the centre of the 600-years-old historic city of Seoul. The beautiful transformed square boasts an enviable backdrop of Gyeongbokgung Palace and Bugaksan Mountain. Thereafter, it is time for more shopping: begin with a stop at upscale and ritzy Myeongdong district.



DAY 7 SEOUL 
Hotel Breakfast

After breakfast, spend the day at leisure.



DAY 8 SEOUL - INCHEON - SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/ Meals On Board

This morning, proceed to Healthy Liver Centre to browse for health products. If time permits, you may do some last-minute shopping at a local provision shop before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.