7D6N CAPTIVATING SOUTH TAIWAN 


DAY 1 SINGAPORE – TAOYUAN - KAOHSIUNG - PINGTUNG 
Meals On Board/Breakfast/ Wanluan Pig’s Knuckle Lunch/ Exquisite Hotel Dinner

Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Taoyuan. Upon arrival, have a simple breakfast at Taoyuan. Next, enjoy a High Speed Rail Ride from Taoyuan to Kaohsiung. Upon arrival, continue to Pingtung, the southernmost province of Taiwan. Start your day by visiting Paradise of Deer, also known as Taiwan’s Nara where you can get up close to these near extinction deer. Thereafter, head to Kenting, the southernmost city in Taiwan to Eluanbi Lighthouse, an over 100-year-old lighthouse located on Cape Eluanbi. Next, proceed to Longpan Park to admire the remarkable picturesque scenery of the cape. This evening, check in to YOHO Beach Resort and Club for your 1-night stay.



DAY 2 PINGTUNG – TAINAN 
Breakfast/Seafood Lunch

This morning, head to the famous harbour in Pingtung to visit Donggang Fish Market where you may buy and enjoy fresh seafood and seasonal catch at your own expense.  Thereafter, proceed to Tainan. Along the way, stop by at  Tian Liao Moon World to view its spectacular scenery. This queer terrain is considered barren geologically, a result of the strong erosion of rain and streams over the years. However, this tract of barren land possesses the dreary and desolate beauty of deserts and its landscape is infamous for its similarity with the Moon’s surface. Next, proceed to Tainan to visit Jingzaijiao Tile-paved Salt Field, the 1st salt field in northern Tainan. With over 180 years of history, it is the only remaining ancient salt field in Taiwan. You will learn the traditional way of drying, mining and collecting salt as well as witness the unique and colourful mosaic art formed by the tile-paved salt fields under your feet. This evening, visit the popular Tainan Night Market for delicious local snacks. Snacks in Tainan are well known in Taiwan, and no-to-be-missed are charcoal grilled chicken fillet, braised snacks of yesteryear and pickled quava. You can also shop for fashion and accessories at the night market.



DAY 3 TAINAN 
Breakfast / Tainan Danzai Noondle Lunch/Tainan Specialty Snacks Dinner at Fucheng “Traditional Tainan Feast” Restaurant

After breakfast, proceed to Taijiang National Park where you will go on a boat ride to explore the mangroves forest at Sicau Green Tunnel, popularly known as Taiwan’s miniature version of Amazon River. Known as a green tunnel on the water, the creek is shaded on both sides by over 100-year-old mangrove trees growing at a 45 degrees angle in the wetland. Thereafter, continue to Ten-Drum Cultural Creative Group to view an invigorating drumming performance which has been nominated in the Grammy Awards. You will also get to learn and experience the joy of drumming.

Thereafter, proceed to visit Chimei Museum, the newest landmark attraction in Tainan. It is a comprehensive museum with wide collections of Western art, sculptures, musical instruments, weaponry and natural history.



DAY 4 TAINAN - KAOHSIUNG 
Breakfast/ “A Taste of Nostalgia” Gedaofan Lunch/ Dongpozuiyue A la carte Buffet Dinner

This morning, proceed to Houbi in Tainan, home to gorgeous terraces of rice paddy fields. Explore Jingliao Old Street, which became renowned after being featured in the documentary film, “Wu Mi Le”. Besides being able to see the rustic and simple daily lives of Taiwan’s small town, you will also savour Gedaofan, a traditional local farm style dish, served in a large ceramic rice bowl for one to experience how the early local dwellers might have enjoyed this simple yet joyful lunch. Enjoy a special unique wedding ceremony with your fellow traveller members to fully understand the old and traditional Taiwanese Festival. Next, head to a traditional tea cultural centre before proceeding to Kaohsiung’s latest amusement parks, Taroko Park and Suzuka Circuit Park. Get to enjoy a complimentary Ferris wheel ride and have fun trying other rides at your own expense.  



DAY 5 KAOHSIUNG 
Breakfast/ Dashu Pineapple Set Lunch/Chien Yen Steamboat Buffet Dinner

Today, visit a lingzhi specialty centre before heading to Dashu District in Kaohsiung to learn about the lifestyle of the locals and the process of growing pineapples. You will be able to hand-pick locally produced pineapples and savour a simple Dashu pineapple set lunch. Next, make your way to Fo Guang Shan Buddha Museum, the largest Buddhist complex in Taiwan.  Thereafter, head to Meinong Hakka Village to experience Taiwan Hakka culture and learn to make Hakka Lei Cha, a healthy tea-based beverage which the Hakka nobles used to serve as tea to their important guests. This evening, explore immerse yourself in the Shinkuchan Commercial District, also known as Newjuejiang Shopping Area, Kaohsiung’s famed shopping area and epicentre of the city’s youth culture to shop and people watch.



DAY 6 KAOHSIUNG - TAIPEI 
Breakfast/Lunch

After breakfast, departs to Taipei, the vibrant city. Upon arrival, make a stop at a Pixiu Exhibition Center. Next, explore Ximending, the most popular shopping spot for you to shop till drop! You can also purchase Pineapple cookies here as a gift souvenir for your family and friends.



DAY 7 TAIPEI – SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/Meals On Board

Today, get a free One Day Unlimited MRT Pass to explore the Taipei city. With a rich tapestry of cultural sites, charming suburbs, bustling streetlife and hospitable inhabitants, Taipei has well earned its reputation of one of Asia’s most liveable cities. Spend your day at leisure exploring all that it has to offer. Visit Tamsui at your own expense, taking a leisurely jaunt down historic Tamsui Old Street to sample its famous iron eggs and browse for curious. Alternatively, immerse yourself in the vibrant ambience at East Taipei. If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home. 