7D CHIANGMAI AND CHIANGRAI FT. BANGKOK


DAY 1 SINGAPORE – CHIANG MAI 
Meals On Board/Khum Khantoke Dinner

10AM: Assemble at Changi Airport for your flight to Chiang Mai, also known as “Rose of the North” in Thailand. 

6PM: Upon arrival, proceed for a Khum Khantoke dinner, a distinctive cuisine of the ancient Lanna kingdom. You will also watch a traditional and entertaining Lanna dance performance while you enjoy your dinner. 

10PM: Next, transfer and check in to your hotel for a good rest.



DAY 2 CHIANG MAI – CHIANG RAI 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

8AM: After breakfast, commence your journey to Chiang Rai. En route, visit Mae Kajan Hot Spring. 

11AM: Next, proceed to Mae Sai, the northernmost town of Thailand, and one of the major border crossings between Thailand and Myanmar. 

1PM: If time permits, you may wish to join an optional Myanmar tour at your own expense and explore the wonders of Thailand’s neighbouring country. 

2PM: Thereafter, set off for the legendary Golden Triangle, the area formed by the borders of Thailand, Laos and Myanmar. Go on a Mekong River boat ride and take in the stunning views along the river. 

4PM: Thereafter, proceed to a Long Neck Hill Tribe village and understand more about the lifestyle and culture of this intriguing tribe. 

7PM: Tonight, you may wish to arrange your own transport to visit one of Chiang Rai’s night markets for some local snacks and shopping.



DAY 3 CHIANG RAI – CHIANG MAI 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

9AM: After breakfast, depart Chiang Rai for Chiang Mai. En route, visit Wat Rong Khun, also known as the “The White Temple”, and feast your eyes on the ornate architecture. 

11AM: Next, visit some traditional craft stores to see how local handicrafts are made and understand more about locally-produced leather, gems, bird nest and honey. 

12PM: Next, proceed to Singha Park which is situated 450 metres above sea level and spans over 12.8 kilometres. It is home to a vast area of beautiful lakes, blooming flora and animals such as giraffes and zebras. Enjoy splendid panoramic views overlooking the park while you savour your lunch. 

2PM: Thereafter, visit Wat Phra That Doi Suthep and enjoy a 1-way tram ride to take in the surroundings. Here, you can marvel at the panoramic views of Chiang Mai and Ping River.



DAY 4 CHIANG MAI 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

9AM: After breakfast, visit Maetang Elephant Camp and get to understand these giant creatures which have a long shared history with the Thai people and has been a cultural icon and national symbol since ancient days. Today, you will get up close and personal with elephants at the camp with an elephant show and an exciting elephant ride around the open plains. 

2PM: Next, continue your tour of the rustic surrounds with a bamboo raft and oxcart ride. 

4PM: After a close encounter with elephants, it is time to go back in time and explore Chiang Mai old city with an exclusive tuk tuk ride. One of the rare cities in Thailand that still has its ancient walls intact, the old city’s intertwining network of lanes and alleys beckons with plenty of streetside stalls, fresh markets, old temples and charming architecture. 

5PM: En route, visit Wat Phra Singh, regarded by many as Chiang Mai’s most revered temple with its lavish architecture, immaculate grounds and the exalted image known as Lion Buddha. 

6PM: Thereafter, visit a local fresh market to experience how locals go about their daily lives. 

7PM: After dinner, experience the simple joy of lighting and releasing water lanterns with your fellow travellers. 

9PM: End off the night at the bustling Namor night market and have a glimpse of Thai street life at night. This is also the place where you can shop and snack to your heart’s content, and find beautiful handicrafts and souvenirs for your friends and family back home.



DAY 5 CHIANG MAI – BANGKOK 
Breakfast

9AM: This morning, if time permits, enjoy some time at leisure before you transfer to the airport for your domestic flight to Bangkok. 

12PM: Upon arrival, transfer and check in to your hotel. Enjoy the rest of the day at leisure.



DAY 6 BANGKOK 
Breakfast

9AM: Spend the free day at leisure to explore the dynamic city of Bangkok. You can choose to visit CentralWorld, Platinum Fashion Mall and Pratunam wholesale market for shopping sprees. Alternatively, you may wish to join an optional tour at your own expense to explore this bustling city.



DAY 7 BANGKOK – SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/Meals On Board

8AM: If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.