6D5N NORTHERN VIETNAM AND SAPA


DAY 1 SINGAPORE - HANOI 
Meals On Board/Dinner

3pm: Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Vietnam’s capital, Hanoi. 

7pm: Upon arrival, check in to your hotel.



DAY 2 HANOI - LAO CAI 
Breakfast/Vietnamese Buffet Lunch/Dinner

9am: This morning, embark on a city tour of Hanoi, including Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum, One Pillar Pagoda, Hoan Kiem Lake, Ngoc Son Temple and Temple of Literature. 

1pm: Next, proceed to the Old Quarter for some shopping before enjoying a traditional Vietnamese  water  puppet  show.   

6pm: After dinner, transfer to Hanoi train station for your overnight train ride to Lao Cai, the border town between China and Vietnam.

 

DAY 3 LAO CAI - SAPA 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

7am: Arrive in Lao Cai in the early morning and take a short connecting coach to Sapa. If weather permits, you can view Vietnam’s tallest mountain Fansipan, which rises 3,143 metres above the sea. 

9am: After breakfast, take a stroll to the local  market to  shop for fresh local produce and handicrafts. 

1pm: Next, visit Moung Hoa Valley, Lao Cai and Cat Cat minority villages and explore the villagers’ lifestyles, housing structures and simple way of life. Continue to trek across wooden bridges tucked away in the valley. If weather permits, marvel at the hidden Silver Waterfall and its magnificent rapids.



DAY 4 SAPA - LAO CAI - HANOI 
Breakfast/Sapa Speciality Lunch/Dinner

9am: After breakfast, continue your trek to another minority village where you can witness the entire rice–growing process in the vast fields. See the various minority groups and their different costumes. You can even purchase small pieces of handmade silver jewellery or handicrafts for keepsakes. 

1pm: After lunch, coach back to Lao Cai where you can walk right to the border of Vietnam and Yunnan to take some photographs.

6pm: After dinner, proceed to Lao Cai train station for your overnight train ride back to Hanoi.



DAY 5 HANOI - HALONG BAY - HANOI 
Breakfast/Halong Bay Cruise Seafood Lunch/ Vietnamese Buffet Dinner

7am: Arrive in Hanoi in the early morning and proceed with your breakfast before continuing to UNESCO World Heritage Site, Halong Bay. 

8am: Upon arrival, take a leisure cruise to tour Halong Bay and see more than 3,000 limestone grottos rising out of the bay. Explore the impressive stalactites and stalagmites in Thien Cung and Dau Go limestone grottos. 

1pm: Enjoy a Halong Bay cruise seafood lunch before returning to Hanoi.



DAY 6 HANOI - SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/Meals On Board

9am: If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping before you transfer to the airport for your flight home.