7D5N HOKKAIDO ULTIMATE


DAY 1 SINGAPORE – NARITA/HANEDA - HAKODATE 
Meals On Board

9am: Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Hakodate via Narita/Haneda. 



DAY 2 HAKODATE 
Lunch/Japanese Set Dinner

11am: Start your day with a touch of history at the 150-year-old western-style Goryokaku Tower fort. From the Tower Observatory, you can see bird’s eye views of the city as well as the beautiful star-shaped fortress estate surrounded by lush greenery and cherry trees. 

2pm: Then, make your way to Hakodate Factory, where the red brick warehouses from the city’s trading past have been redeveloped into a chic waterfront dining, shopping and entertainment complex. 

7pm: For a perfect end to the day, proceed to the 334-metre high Mt Hakodate for spectacular panoramic views of the city.



DAY 3 HAKODATE – NOBORIBETSU 
Breakfast/Lunch/ Buffet Dinner

9am: Today, visit Hakodate morning market where the delectable array of fresh seafood and local produce are guaranteed to whet your appetite. Located next to the ocean, you can view the seasonal flowers blooming in the greenhouse, enjoy footbath and the famous Japanese Monkeys soaking in the hot spring water in the Hakodate Tropical Botanical Garden. 

1pm: Next, visit Konbukan (Kelp Shop and Museum) to learn about kelp production. Do stop by the kelp shop to stock up different kelp products such as kelp powder, kelp candies, kelp snacks, kelp soup, and kelp condiments. 

7pm: Your day will reach a boiling point as you traipse through the sulphurous valley to experience boiling ponds and steaming streams at the famous Jigokudani, also known as Hell Valley.

 

DAY 4 NOBORIBETSU – FURANO – JOZANKEI 
Breakfast/Lunch/Buffet Dinner

9am: This morning, visit Shiraoi Ainu Museum where you can meet the indigenous people of Northern Japan and understand the different aspects of Ainu culture and lifestyle. The design of the museum as an outdoor museum is divided into modern and village zone. Inside a house, explanations of Ainu history and culture are given and traditional dances are performed at all times for visitors. 

5pm: Experience these at their creamiest best with a visit to a Cheese Factory and participate in a DIY cheese making session. Stop by Furano Winery for wine tasting and shopping. 

8pm: Tonight, we will be staying in Jozankei.

 

DAY 5 JOZANKEI – OTARU – SAPPORO 
Breakfast/Lunch

10am: After breakfast, take a leisurely drive to the charming Otaru Canal which is lined with century-old stone warehouses on both sides. Then, get whimsical at Otaru Music Box Museum where displays of beautifully-crafted music boxes will delight even the grumpiest of cynics. Make a stop at Kitaichi Glass Factory to witness skilled artisans perfect their craft followed by the Ishiya Chocolate Factory to see how quality confectionary and Japan’s finest sweets and chocolates are made. Don’t feel shy to indulge in those tasty samples and buy some home for your loved ones! 

8pm: Tonight, explore the city's main entertainment area, Susukino area that is packed with bars, restaurants, cafes, cinemas, shops. You may try the famous ramen at own expense



DAY 6 SAPPORO 
Breakfast

10am: Start the day with a visit to the popular fish market among locals and tourists – Nijo Market. Next, proceed to Odori Park, located in the heart of Sapporo. This beautifully manicured green space is a charming assembly of monumental fountains, sculptures and flowerbeds. Each winter, its verdant grounds play host to the famed Sapporo Ice Festival. 

1pm: Make a stop at a local beer factory where you will learn more about the production process of one of Japan’s finest beers. Head to Mitsui Outlet Chitose for some retail therapy thereafter, and take your pick from the wide range of domestic and imported brand items available. 

6pm: End the day with a stroll along famed Tanukikoji Shopping Arcade, the longest shopping street in Hokkaido



DAY 7 CHITOSE - SINGAPORE 
Breakfast

9am: If time permits, you can do some last-minute shopping you transfer to the airport for your flight home via Haneda/Narita. 