6D5N BLISSFUL OKINAWA


DAY 1 SINGAPORE – NAHA – ONNA 
Meals on Board/Dinner

1pm: Assemble at Singapore Changi Airport for your flight to Okinawa, Naha. Okinawa is home to crystal blue seas, white sand beaches and colorful marine life. Consists of 160 islands of various size scattered across a vast area of ocean. The temperature in winter is about the same as that of springtime in Tokyo and Osaka, making it warm and comfortable throughout the year.

8pm: Upon arrival, you will be met by our local representative and transfer to oceanfront hotel in Onna



DAY 2 ONNA – NAGO – ONNA 
Breakfast/Lunch/Japanese set Dinner

9am: Experience and enjoy fascinating underwater world without getting wet at Busena Marine Park, home to myriad tropical fish and amazing coral reefs. Watch the underwater world four meters below sea level from the underwater observatory with 24 windows giving a 360-degree view. 

11am: Take a whale-shaped glass-bottom boat ride for up close-up encounter with wondrous aquatic life, the world of vividly colorful tropical fish and coral reefs are almost within reach from this boat. 

12pm: Learn how Okinawa’s No 1 local beer is brewed at Orion Happy Park Beer Factory and get to taste the fresh Orion beer. 

3pm: Thereafter, cross the 2km long Ohashi bridge to Kouri-jima island, renowned with it emerald green ocean and with high quality water transparency. Cheese your photo album up with some picture perfect shots that are sure to capture here. 

7pm: Bag home some local products at a small market to wrap up the day.



DAY 3 ONNA – NAGO – NAHA 
Breakfast/Lunch/Shabu Shabu Set Dinner

10am: Situated on the northwest Okinawa coast, not far from the picturesque beaches of Onna Village nested Cape Manzamo, an up heaved outcropping of fossilized coral that stands overlook the East China Sea. Resembles an elephant's trunk, it is particularly known for a distinctive formation that results from wave erosion. 

12pm: Later, tuck into a delectable Okinawan Cuisine lunch showcasing the best of Okinanwan cuisine before visiting Okinawa Churaumi Aquarium. Located at the same site where the International Ocean Exposition was held in 1975, the park houses the world’s 2nd-largest aquarium and a dolphin theatre today where you can enjoy a dolphin show. 

2pm: Next stop: Nago Pineapple Park, an attraction dedicated to the tangy, thorny-crowned tropical fruit. Learn more about the history and cultivation process of this fruit and hop on board an adorable pineapple-shaped shuttle bus to tour its grounds, including lush tropical garden filled with semitropical plants. Get to understand the production and process of fruity pineapple wine too! Do not forget to pick up delicious confectionaries and more at its souvenir shop. Who would have thought that there are close to 100 varieties of pineapple? 

6pm: Thereafter, take a leisure drive back to Naha, the largest city in Okinawa Prefecture. Located in the southern part of Okinawa Main Island, it is the political, economic and transportation center of the prefecture.



DAY 4 NAHA – YOMITA – NAHA 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

9am: Shopaholics rejoice as we kick-start the day at AEON Mall Okinawa Rycom. With over 200 speciality stores selling anything from fashion to sports, household and luxury goods, feel free to release the shopaholic in you and let those purse strings come loose!

1pm: Hands on making salt from natural seawater from the ocean in Gala Aoiumi. You can get to taste salt ice cream at own expenses. 

3pm: Thereafter, stop by Kadena Michi no Eki to witness the chivalry air base and fighter planes. 

6pm: Enjoy a breathtaking sunset view at Cape Zanpa before we wrap up the day.



DAY 5 NAHA 
Breakfast/ Buffet Lunch/Yakiniku Dinner

9am: This morning, proceed to Shurijo Castle. A UNESCO World Heritage Site, nested on a top hill. Pierced by several large gates and ornately decorated of vermilion colour. It was the official residence of Ryuku monarchs till 1879.

1pm: Next, step into Okinawa World, a theme park presenting the local history, culture and nature in one location. There are rows of shops and houses reproduced in traditional Okinawan style, also in the crafts village there are art museum and studios for making Bingata Dyed and woven textiles and a glass factory where you can experience DIY glass at your own expense. 

4pm: Within, take a stroll thru Gyokusendo Cave, the longest limestone cave in the Orient of which just 890m is open to the public, the actual length of the cave is about 5km. Proceed on to Awamori Chuko Factory to learn the distillation process of shochu and get to taste the fresh brew. 

8pm:End the day with some shopping time at Kokusai Street. Here, you will find souvenirs, fashion boutiques and restaurants



DAY 6 NAHA – SINGAPORE 
Breakfast/Buffet Lunch

8am: After breakfast, proceed to Naminoue Shrine that sits atop a high bluff, overlooking Naminoue Beach and the ocean. Make a stop at Tomari Iyumachi Fish Market where you can get to purchase same-day-fresh seafood and other marine products such as mozuku seaweed at a steal. 

11am: Next, go all out and embark on a last minute shopping spree at Ashibina outlet mall that boasts a plethora of domestic and imported brands at a steal. 

2pm: Thereafter, transfer to the airport for your flight back to Singapore.
