6D4N FLAVOURS OF CAMBODIA


DAY 1 SINGAPORE - SIEM REAP 
Dinner

3pm: Assemble at Changi Airport for your flight to Siem Reap, a small town with French colonial architecture influences.  

5pm: Proceed to Old Market and Pub Street for a feel of the traditional market life. 

6pm: In the evening, proceed for an off-road 4WD tour to explore the rice fields. 

7pm: Thereafter, enjoy your dinner while viewing a traditional Khmer performance.

 

DAY 2 SIEM REAP 
Breakfast/ Light Snacks/Dinner

8am: After breakfast, transfer to a local school to engage with the local community. Get involved to interact with local school children. 

1pm: After lunch, enjoy a light workout while preparing necessity packs, which you will distribute to local households during the following home visit. Gain an insight into the local cultures as you exchange stories with local villagers. 

5pm: Thereafter, return to the city for dinner.
 


DAY 3 SIEM REAP 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

8am: In the morning, transfer to visit the South Gate of Angkor Thom. The fortified city of Angkor Thom was built by Angkor’s legendary king, Jayavarman VII. Located at the heart of Angkor Thom, the smiling, colossal faces of Avalokiteshvara in Bayon have become one of the most recognisable images connected to quintessential Khmer art and architecture. 

1pm: After which, visit Ta Prohm, a temple that has been preserved in its natural state and surrounded by jungle. Its stone hallways are overgrown with the roots and limbs of massive banyan trees, which have enveloped the stone structures like tentacles. 

3pm: Next, visit one of the world’s most renowned UNESCO World Heritage Sites, Angkor Wat, which features the largest religious monument in the world built by King Suryarvarman II during the peak of the Khmer Empire. The temple is tremendously admired for the grandeur and harmony of its architecture, as well as extensive bas-reliefs and numerous devatas adorning its walls.


DAY 4 SIEM REAP – KAMPONG THOM 
Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner

9am: After breakfast, transfer to the province of Kampong Thom, known for its picturesque landscape. 

11am: You will be met and transferred to the community of Isanborei where you will be hosted by a Khmer family in their traditional Khmer house. 

1pm: Visit the temple ruins of Sambor Prei Kuk. The Sambor district is known for its beautiful rural countryside and traditional lifestyle. Here, you would have the opportunity to be part of the local daily life for a day. 

3pm: Get a bicycle and cycle along the rural roads through villages, enjoy authentic Cambodian food, DIY at various handicrafts and experience an oxcart rides in the village. 

7pm: After a simple dinner at the village, transfer to a local guesthouse in Kampong Thom town.

 

DAY 5 KAMPONG THOM – PHNOM PENH 
Breakfast /Lunch/Dinner

9am: Today, transfer by coach to Phnom Penh - the capital of Cambodia and home to a million of the country’s 15 million people. 

1pm: Upon arrival, transfer to visit Royal Palace and Silver Pagoda. The Royal Palace is the official residence of King Norodom Sihamoni. 

3pm: Next, proceed to Tuol Sleng Genocidal Museum which provides a grim reminder of the genocidal horrors from 1975 to 1979 by the notorious Khmer Rouge. 

5pm: Visit the Central Market, a covered market distinguished by its central dome to browse and shop. It is filled with shops selling fabrics and all kinds of souvenirs.

 

DAY 6 PHNOM PENH - SINGAPORE 
Breakfast

9am: Today, free at leisure before transfer to the airport for your flight home.